fix(ui links): expose full path to UI (#13987)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/transactions/transaction-traces/introduction-transaction-traces.mdx

To view transaction traces:

1. Go to **[one.newrelic.com](https://one.newrelic.com/all-capabilities) > APM & Services**. Select an app, then under the **Monitor** section, click **Transactions**.

> 2. In the **Transaction traces** [one.newrelic.com > All capabilities](https://one.newrelic.com/all-capabilities) >(/docs/apm/transactions/transaction-traces/transaction-traces-summary-page).
> [one.newrelic.com > All capabilities](https://one.newrelic.com/all-capabilities) >

Author: ```suggestion
2. In the **Transaction traces** section, click a transaction trace to view [additional details](/docs/apm/transactions/transaction-traces/transaction-traces-summary-page).
```

1. Go to **[one.newrelic.com](https://one.newrelic.com/all-capabilities) > APM & Services**. Select an app, then under the **Monitor** section, click **Transactions**.
2. In the **Transaction traces** section, click a transaction trace to view [additional details](/docs/apm/transactions/transaction-traces/transaction-traces-summary-page).

> ## Examine logs for trace details [#logs-context]

Author: ```suggestion

## Examine logs for trace details [#logs-context]
```
